samples: cellular: modem_shell: Add socket options commands (#19818)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`modem_shell_application` sample:

>   * Added support for save and load DTLS connection.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added support for saving and loading DTLS connection.
```
